Fix secret priority (#2599)
woodpecker-ci/woodpecker: docs/docs/20-usage/40-secrets.md

Secrets are exposed to your pipeline steps and plugins as uppercase environment variables and can therefore be referenced in the commands section of your pipeline.

Woodpecker provides three different levels to add secrets to your pipeline. The following list shows the priority of the different levels. If a secret is defined in multiple levels, will be used following this priorities: Repository secrets > Organization secrets > Global secrets.

1. **Repository secrets**: They are available to all pipelines of an repository.

> 1. **Organization secrets**: They are available to all pipelines of an organization.
> 1. **Global secrets**: Can be configured by an instance admin.

Reviewer: It does not affect rendering but is easier to read in source code:

```suggestion
2. **Organization secrets**: They are available to all pipelines of an organization.
3. **Global secrets**: Can be configured by an instance admin.
```

Reviewer 2: well MD will render it valide ... but I think it's nice to have it explicite

Reviewer: I know markdown will render them correctly but it's still hard to look at them in editor
